ASSETS.md, before:

[← Back to Main README](./README.md)

# Assets

This page provides downloadable assets of the **Mapping the Prompt (MTP)** project.  
While the [README](./README.md) displays optimized **SVG** images, here you can also find **PNG** versions for compatibility (e.g., applications or platforms that do not fully support SVG).

Each table below lists available formats of the project’s visual assets.

---

### MTP Grid 3×3 (Side A, Numbered + Node Labels)

<p>
  <img src="./assets/svg/mtp-grid-3x3-a-num-node.svg" width="270" alt="MTP Grid 3×3 A Numbered">
</p>

| SVG                                                             | PNG                                                                       | PNG                                                                       |
| --------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [Original file](./assets/svg/mtp-grid-3x3-a-num-node.svg?raw=1) | [1,080 × 1,350 pixels](./assets/png/1x/mtp-grid-3x3-a-num-node.png?raw=1) | [2,160 × 2,700 pixels](./assets/png/2x/mtp-grid-3x3-a-num-node.png?raw=1) |

---

### MTP Grid 3×3 (Side A, Numbered)

<p>
  <img src="./assets/svg/mtp-grid-3x3-a-num.svg" width="270" alt="MTP Grid 3×3 A Numbered">
</p>

| SVG                                                        | PNG                                                                  | PNG                                                                  |
| ---------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [Original file](./assets/svg/mtp-grid-3x3-a-num.svg?raw=1) | [1,080 × 1,080 pixels](./assets/png/1x/mtp-grid-3x3-a-num.png?raw=1) | [2,160 × 2,160 pixels](./assets/png/2x/mtp-grid-3x3-a-num.png?raw=1) |

---

### MTP Grid 3×3 (Side B, Numbered + Node Labels)

<p>
  <img src="./assets/svg/mtp-grid-3x3-b-num-node.svg" width="270" alt="MTP Grid 3×3 B Numbered">
</p>

| SVG                                                             | PNG                                                                       | PNG                                                                       |
| --------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [Original file](./assets/svg/mtp-grid-3x3-b-num-node.svg?raw=1) | [1,080 × 1,350 pixels](./assets/png/1x/mtp-grid-3x3-b-num-node.png?raw=1) | [2,160 × 2,700 pixels](./assets/png/2x/mtp-grid-3x3-b-num-node.png?raw=1) |

---

### MTP Grid 3×3 (Side B, Numbered)

<p>
  <img src="./assets/svg/mtp-grid-3x3-b-num.svg" width="270" alt="MTP Grid 3×3 B Numbered">
</p>

| SVG                                                        | PNG                                                                  | PNG                                                                  |
| ---------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [Original file](./assets/svg/mtp-grid-3x3-b-num.svg?raw=1) | [1,080 × 1,080 pixels](./assets/png/1x/mtp-grid-3x3-b-num.png?raw=1) | [2,160 × 2,160 pixels](./assets/png/2x/mtp-grid-3x3-b-num.png?raw=1) |

---

### MTP Grid 3×3 (Side A)

<p>
  <img src="./assets/svg/mtp-grid-3x3-a.svg" width="270" alt="MTP Grid 3×3 A">
</p>

| SVG                                                    | PNG                                                              | PNG                                                              |
| ------------------------------------------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [Original file](./assets/svg/mtp-grid-3x3-a.svg?raw=1) | [1,080 × 1,080 pixels](./assets/png/1x/mtp-grid-3x3-a.png?raw=1) | [2,160 × 2,160 pixels](./assets/png/2x/mtp-grid-3x3-a.png?raw=1) |

---

### MTP Grid 3×3 (Side B)

<p>
  <img src="./assets/svg/mtp-grid-3x3-b.svg" width="270" alt="MTP Grid 3×3 B">
</p>

| SVG                                                    | PNG                                                              | PNG                                                              |
| ------------------------------------------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [Original file](./assets/svg/mtp-grid-3x3-b.svg?raw=1) | [1,080 × 1,080 pixels](./assets/png/1x/mtp-grid-3x3-b.png?raw=1) | [2,160 × 2,160 pixels](./assets/png/2x/mtp-grid-3x3-b.png?raw=1) |

---

### MTP Grid 9×9

<p>
  <img src="./assets/svg/mtp-grid-9x9.svg" width="270" alt="MTP Grid 9×9">
</p>

| SVG                                                  | PNG                                                            | PNG                                                            |
| ---------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [Original file](./assets/svg/mtp-grid-9x9.svg?raw=1) | [1,080 × 1,080 pixels](./assets/png/1x/mtp-grid-9x9.png?raw=1) | [2,160 × 2,160 pixels](./assets/png/2x/mtp-grid-9x9.png?raw=1) |

---

### MTP Grid 18×18 (Node Labels)

<p>
  <img src="./assets/svg/mtp-grid-18x18-node.svg" width="270" alt="MTP Grid 18×18">
</p>

| SVG                                                         | PNG                                                                   | PNG                                                                   |
| ----------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [Original file](./assets/svg/mtp-grid-18x18-node.svg?raw=1) | [1,080 × 1,350 pixels](./assets/png/1x/mtp-grid-18x18-node.png?raw=1) | [2,160 × 2,700 pixels](./assets/png/2x/mtp-grid-18x18-node.png?raw=1) |

---

### MTP Grid 18×18

<p>
  <img src="./assets/svg/mtp-grid-18x18.svg" width="270" alt="MTP Grid 18×18">
</p>

| SVG                                                    | PNG                                                              | PNG                                                              |
| ------------------------------------------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [Original file](./assets/svg/mtp-grid-18x18.svg?raw=1) | [1,080 × 1,080 pixels](./assets/png/1x/mtp-grid-18x18.png?raw=1) | [2,160 × 2,160 pixels](./assets/png/2x/mtp-grid-18x18.png?raw=1) |

---

## License

All materials in this repository — including documents, concepts, and image assets (SVG/PNG) —  
are licensed under the [MIT License](./LICENSE).

Copyright © 2025 **Kohen**

Commit message:

docs(ASSETS): add "MTP Node Cycling" diagram (mtp-node-cycling.svg, .png)

ASSETS.md, after:

[← Back to Main README](./README.md)

# Assets

This page provides downloadable assets of the **Mapping the Prompt (MTP)** project.  
While the [README](./README.md) displays optimized **SVG** images, here you can also find **PNG** versions for compatibility (e.g., applications or platforms that do not fully support SVG).

Each table below lists available formats of the project’s visual assets.

---

### MTP Grid 3×3 (Side A, Numbered + Node Labels)

<p>
  <img src="./assets/svg/mtp-grid-3x3-a-num-node.svg" width="270" alt="MTP Grid 3×3 A Numbered">
</p>

| SVG                                                             | PNG                                                                       | PNG                                                                       |
| --------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [Original file](./assets/svg/mtp-grid-3x3-a-num-node.svg?raw=1) | [1,080 × 1,350 pixels](./assets/png/1x/mtp-grid-3x3-a-num-node.png?raw=1) | [2,160 × 2,700 pixels](./assets/png/2x/mtp-grid-3x3-a-num-node.png?raw=1) |

---

### MTP Grid 3×3 (Side A, Numbered)

<p>
  <img src="./assets/svg/mtp-grid-3x3-a-num.svg" width="270" alt="MTP Grid 3×3 A Numbered">
</p>

| SVG                                                        | PNG                                                                  | PNG                                                                  |
| ---------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [Original file](./assets/svg/mtp-grid-3x3-a-num.svg?raw=1) | [1,080 × 1,080 pixels](./assets/png/1x/mtp-grid-3x3-a-num.png?raw=1) | [2,160 × 2,160 pixels](./assets/png/2x/mtp-grid-3x3-a-num.png?raw=1) |

---

### MTP Grid 3×3 (Side B, Numbered + Node Labels)

<p>
  <img src="./assets/svg/mtp-grid-3x3-b-num-node.svg" width="270" alt="MTP Grid 3×3 B Numbered">
</p>

| SVG                                                             | PNG                                                                       | PNG                                                                       |
| --------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [Original file](./assets/svg/mtp-grid-3x3-b-num-node.svg?raw=1) | [1,080 × 1,350 pixels](./assets/png/1x/mtp-grid-3x3-b-num-node.png?raw=1) | [2,160 × 2,700 pixels](./assets/png/2x/mtp-grid-3x3-b-num-node.png?raw=1) |

---

### MTP Grid 3×3 (Side B, Numbered)

<p>
  <img src="./assets/svg/mtp-grid-3x3-b-num.svg" width="270" alt="MTP Grid 3×3 B Numbered">
</p>

| SVG                                                        | PNG                                                                  | PNG                                                                  |
| ---------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [Original file](./assets/svg/mtp-grid-3x3-b-num.svg?raw=1) | [1,080 × 1,080 pixels](./assets/png/1x/mtp-grid-3x3-b-num.png?raw=1) | [2,160 × 2,160 pixels](./assets/png/2x/mtp-grid-3x3-b-num.png?raw=1) |

---

### MTP Grid 3×3 (Side A)

<p>
  <img src="./assets/svg/mtp-grid-3x3-a.svg" width="270" alt="MTP Grid 3×3 A">
</p>

| SVG                                                    | PNG                                                              | PNG                                                              |
| ------------------------------------------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [Original file](./assets/svg/mtp-grid-3x3-a.svg?raw=1) | [1,080 × 1,080 pixels](./assets/png/1x/mtp-grid-3x3-a.png?raw=1) | [2,160 × 2,160 pixels](./assets/png/2x/mtp-grid-3x3-a.png?raw=1) |

---

### MTP Grid 3×3 (Side B)

<p>
  <img src="./assets/svg/mtp-grid-3x3-b.svg" width="270" alt="MTP Grid 3×3 B">
</p>

| SVG                                                    | PNG                                                              | PNG                                                              |
| ------------------------------------------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [Original file](./assets/svg/mtp-grid-3x3-b.svg?raw=1) | [1,080 × 1,080 pixels](./assets/png/1x/mtp-grid-3x3-b.png?raw=1) | [2,160 × 2,160 pixels](./assets/png/2x/mtp-grid-3x3-b.png?raw=1) |

---

### MTP Grid 9×9

<p>
  <img src="./assets/svg/mtp-grid-9x9.svg" width="270" alt="MTP Grid 9×9">
</p>

| SVG                                                  | PNG                                                            | PNG                                                            |
| ---------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [Original file](./assets/svg/mtp-grid-9x9.svg?raw=1) | [1,080 × 1,080 pixels](./assets/png/1x/mtp-grid-9x9.png?raw=1) | [2,160 × 2,160 pixels](./assets/png/2x/mtp-grid-9x9.png?raw=1) |

---

### MTP Grid 18×18 (Node Labels)

<p>
  <img src="./assets/svg/mtp-grid-18x18-node.svg" width="270" alt="MTP Grid 18×18">
</p>

| SVG                                                         | PNG                                                                   | PNG                                                                   |
| ----------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [Original file](./assets/svg/mtp-grid-18x18-node.svg?raw=1) | [1,080 × 1,350 pixels](./assets/png/1x/mtp-grid-18x18-node.png?raw=1) | [2,160 × 2,700 pixels](./assets/png/2x/mtp-grid-18x18-node.png?raw=1) |

---

### MTP Grid 18×18

<p>
  <img src="./assets/svg/mtp-grid-18x18.svg" width="270" alt="MTP Grid 18×18">
</p>

| SVG                                                    | PNG                                                              | PNG                                                              |
| ------------------------------------------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [Original file](./assets/svg/mtp-grid-18x18.svg?raw=1) | [1,080 × 1,080 pixels](./assets/png/1x/mtp-grid-18x18.png?raw=1) | [2,160 × 2,160 pixels](./assets/png/2x/mtp-grid-18x18.png?raw=1) |

---

### MTP Node Cycling

This diagram may also help make the concept easier to grasp.  
It represents the **cyclic nature of MTP** — each foundational color/node connects into a natural loop, echoing the cycles we see in nature (growth and decay, seasons, day and night).

<p>
  <img src="./assets/svg/mtp-node-cycling.svg" width="270" alt="MTP Grid 18×18">
</p>

| SVG                                                      | PNG                                                                | PNG                                                                |
| -------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| [Original file](./assets/svg/mtp-node-cycling.svg?raw=1) | [1,080 × 1,080 pixels](./assets/png/1x/mtp-node-cycling.png?raw=1) | [2,160 × 2,160 pixels](./assets/png/2x/mtp-node-cycling.png?raw=1) |

---

## License

All materials in this repository — including documents, concepts, and image assets (SVG/PNG) —  
are licensed under the [MIT License](./LICENSE).

Copyright © 2025 **Kohen**
